# Module-06
The final version of the Goose Brothers Ice Cream website. 

Project Name:
  Goose Brothers Ice Cream Website
  
Description:
  The Goose Brothers Ice Cream website is a simple website for a local 
business in the town of Shippensburg Pa. The website includes a brief 
description of the business and an example menu. 
  
Table of Contents:
  Goose Bros Ice Cream.html
  Goose Bros Ice Cream Menu.html
  Logo.jpg
  Photo 1.jpg
  Photo 2.jpg
  Photo 3.jpg
  One Scoop.jpg
  Two Scoops.jpg
  Three Scoops.jpg
  Waffle Cone.jpg
  mod3_config.php
  mod3_opendb.php
  
Installation instructions:
  This is a webpage and it just needs to be uploaded to a server for it 
for function properly.
  
Usage:
  This is intended to be a website for a buisness that helps potential 
customers to learn about the busi
ness and about what they offer on their 
menu.
  
Credits:
  Author Anthony Miller
  
License:

This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or
distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors
of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the
software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and
successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this
software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to <https://unlicense.org>
